What is docker?
	docker is an containerized platform used to simply the process for creating,running, the applications by using containers.
	
What is Image?
	Image is a layered file system that used to create a container and
	Images are read only - if any changes done in the container it doesn't effect the image
	an image is a lightweight, standalone, and executable package that includes everything needed to run a piece of software
	such as the application code, runtime, libraries, dependencies, and system tools.
	Images are identified by names and tags (e.g., nginx:latest, ubuntu:20.04), which help specify versions or variants.

How the Images is Created?
	Image can be created either by using the built-in images from docker hub
		or
	Images can be created from the docker file
	In docker file each From cmd will start from base layer of the image.
	and then it will perform some operations and create a layer on top of the base layer images.
	we can also create a image from a container.

Image caching:
	Image caching will reduce the build time of the image 
Internal Working:
		I have a docker file to create a image of nginx with 7 layers
		and i have another docker file which has 4 lines equal from the docker file which creats nginx 
		then to reduce the build time of the image creating docker server will take the layers upto 4 from nginx and create
		rest of layer from a docker file.		
	
Internal things of Image creation?
	First: docker client will send the request to the docker daemon inside the docker host 
		client and server communication will be done through rest api
		daemon will check if the image was stored in the overlay2 or not if image was persist
		it will use the image and create container if the image not persist 
		it will get the image from the registry
		and store it in overlay2 and then use it for creating a container.
		Docker client and docker host will communicate through rest API.

Where the Image is getting stored?
	Images are getting stored in /var/lib/docker/overlay2/


Practical:
	create a docker image by pulling image from registry
	Create a docker image by dockerfile.



Creating a docker image by command:
	docker pull <image_name>

Creating a docker image from dockerfile:
	FROM nginx:latest